docs/03_Development/01_Extending_Guide/05_Extending_Rule_Conditions.md, before:

# Custom Price-Rule/Shipping-Rule/Notification-Rule Conditions

Adding Price-, Shipping- or Notification-Rule Conditions is the same for all of these types. They're only difference is the
tag you use and Interface you need to implement for them.


| Action Type               | Tag                                              | Interface/AbstractClass                                     |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| Cart Price Rule           | coreshop.cart_price_rule.condition               | [```CoreShop\Component\Order\Cart\Rule\Condition\AbstractConditionChecker```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Order/Cart/Rule/Condition/AbstractConditionChecker.php) |
| Product Price Rule        | coreshop.product_price_rule.condition            | [```CoreShop\Component\Rule\Condition\ConditionCheckerInterface```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Rule/Condition/ConditionCheckerInterface.php) |
| Product Specific Price    | coreshop.product_specific_price_rule.condition   | [```CoreShop\Component\Rule\Condition\ConditionCheckerInterface```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Rule/Condition/ConditionCheckerInterface.php) |
| Shipping Rule             | coreshop.shipping_rule.condition                 | [```CoreShop\Component\Shipping\Rule\Condition\CategoriesConditionChecker```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Shipping/Rule/Condition/AbstractConditionChecker.php) |
| Notification Rule         | coreshop.notification_rule.condition             | [```CoreShop\Component\Notification\Rule\Condition\AbstractConditionChecker```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Notification/Rule/Condition/AbstractConditionChecker.php) |


## Example Adding a new Condition
Now, lets add a new Condition for Product Price Rules.

To do so, we first need to create a new class and implement the interface listed in the table above. For Product Price Rules, we need to use
[```CoreShop\Component\Rule\Condition\ConditionCheckerInterface```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Rule/Condition/ConditionCheckerInterface.php)

```php
//AppBundle/CoreShop/CustomCondition.php
namespace AppBundle\CoreShop;

final class CustomCondition implements \CoreShop\Component\Rule\Condition\ConditionCheckerInterface
{
    public function isValid($subject, array $configuration);
        //return true if valid, false if not
        return true;
    }
}
```

We also need a FormType for the conditions configurations:

```php
//AppBundle/Form/Type/CustomConditionType.php
namespace AppBundle\Form\Type;

final class CustomConditionType extends AbstractType
{
    /**
     * {@inheritdoc}
     */
    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options)
    {
        $builder
            ->add('some_value', TextType::class)
        ;
    }
}
```

With configuration, comes a Javascript file as well:

```javascript
//AppBundle/Resources/public/pimcore/js/custom_condition.js

pimcore.registerNS('coreshop.product.pricerule.conditions.custom');
coreshop.product.pricerule.conditions.custom = Class.create(coreshop.rules.conditions.abstract, {

    type: 'custom',

    getForm: function () {
        var some_value = 0;
        var me = this;

        if (this.data) {
            some_value = this.data.some_value / 100;
        }

        var some_valueField = new Ext.form.NumberField({
            fieldLabel: t('custom'),
            name: 'some_value',
            value: some_value,
            decimalPrecision: 2
        });

        this.form = new Ext.form.Panel({
            items: [
                some_valueField
            ]
        });

        return this.form;
    }
});

```

## Registering the Custom Condition to the Container and load the Javascript File
We now need to create our Service Definition for our Custom Condition:

```yaml
app.product_price_rule.custom_condition:
    class: AppBundle\CoreShop\CustomCondition
    tags:
      - { name: coreshop.product_price_rule.condition, type: custom, form-type: AppBundle\Form\Type\CustomConditionType }
```

and add this to your config.yml:

```yaml
core_shop_product:
    pimcore_admin:
        js:
            custom_condition: '/bundles/app/pimcore/js/custom_condition.js'
```

Commit message:

change assets:install for fresh installations

docs/03_Development/01_Extending_Guide/05_Extending_Rule_Conditions.md, after:

# Custom Price-Rule/Shipping-Rule/Notification-Rule Conditions

Adding Price-, Shipping- or Notification-Rule Conditions is the same for all of these types. They're only difference is the
tag you use and Interface you need to implement for them.


| Action Type               | Tag                                              | Interface/AbstractClass                                     |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| Cart Price Rule           | coreshop.cart_price_rule.condition               | [```CoreShop\Component\Order\Cart\Rule\Condition\AbstractConditionChecker```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Order/Cart/Rule/Condition/AbstractConditionChecker.php) |
| Product Price Rule        | coreshop.product_price_rule.condition            | [```CoreShop\Component\Rule\Condition\ConditionCheckerInterface```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Rule/Condition/ConditionCheckerInterface.php) |
| Product Specific Price    | coreshop.product_specific_price_rule.condition   | [```CoreShop\Component\Rule\Condition\ConditionCheckerInterface```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Rule/Condition/ConditionCheckerInterface.php) |
| Shipping Rule             | coreshop.shipping_rule.condition                 | [```CoreShop\Component\Shipping\Rule\Condition\CategoriesConditionChecker```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Shipping/Rule/Condition/AbstractConditionChecker.php) |
| Notification Rule         | coreshop.notification_rule.condition             | [```CoreShop\Component\Notification\Rule\Condition\AbstractConditionChecker```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Notification/Rule/Condition/AbstractConditionChecker.php) |


## Example Adding a new Condition
Now, lets add a new Condition for Product Price Rules.

To do so, we first need to create a new class and implement the interface listed in the table above. For Product Price Rules, we need to use
[```CoreShop\Component\Rule\Condition\ConditionCheckerInterface```](https://github.com/coreshop/CoreShop/blob/master/src/CoreShop/Component/Rule/Condition/ConditionCheckerInterface.php)

```php
//AppBundle/CoreShop/CustomCondition.php
namespace AppBundle\CoreShop;

final class CustomCondition implements \CoreShop\Component\Rule\Condition\ConditionCheckerInterface
{
    public function isValid($subject, array $configuration);
        //return true if valid, false if not
        return true;
    }
}
```

We also need a FormType for the conditions configurations:

```php
//AppBundle/Form/Type/CustomConditionType.php
namespace AppBundle\Form\Type;

final class CustomConditionType extends AbstractType
{
    /**
     * {@inheritdoc}
     */
    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options)
    {
        $builder
            ->add('some_value', TextType::class)
        ;
    }
}
```

With configuration, comes a Javascript file as well:

```javascript
//AppBundle/Resources/public/pimcore/js/custom_condition.js

pimcore.registerNS('coreshop.product.pricerule.conditions.custom');
coreshop.product.pricerule.conditions.custom = Class.create(coreshop.rules.conditions.abstract, {

    type: 'custom',

    getForm: function () {
        var some_value = 0;
        var me = this;

        if (this.data) {
            some_value = this.data.some_value / 100;
        }

        var some_valueField = new Ext.form.NumberField({
            fieldLabel: t('custom'),
            name: 'some_value',
            value: some_value,
            decimalPrecision: 2
        });

        this.form = new Ext.form.Panel({
            items: [
                some_valueField
            ]
        });

        return this.form;
    }
});
```

Don't forget to run the following command afterwards to deploy it if needed. If you're using the latest symfony structure, omit the `web`.
```
bin/console assets:install web
```


## Registering the Custom Condition to the Container and load the Javascript File
We now need to create our Service Definition for our Custom Condition:

```yaml
app.product_price_rule.custom_condition:
    class: AppBundle\CoreShop\CustomCondition
    tags:
      - { name: coreshop.product_price_rule.condition, type: custom, form-type: AppBundle\Form\Type\CustomConditionType }
```

and add this to your config.yml:

```yaml
core_shop_product:
    pimcore_admin:
        js:
            custom_condition: '/bundles/app/pimcore/js/custom_condition.js'
```
