docs/03_Development/03_Products/03_Price_Rules/README.md, before:

# CoreShop Product Price Rules

CoreShop gives you the ability of very complex price calculation methods.
Price Rules always consist of Conditions and Actions.

## Price Rule Types

### Catalog Price Rules

> Checkout all available catalog price rules [here](../../../02_User_Documentation/03_Price_Rules/02_Product_Price_Rules.md)

Catalog Price Rules are applied to multiple Products based on Conditions like Category or Manufacturer.

### Specific Price Rules

> Checkout all available specific price rules [here](../../../02_User_Documentation/03_Price_Rules/03_Specific_Product_Prices.md)

Specific Price Rules are applied to a single Product based on Conditions like Customer or Customer Group.

## Extending Conditions and Actions

 - [Click here to see how you can add custom Actions](../../01_Extending_Guide/04_Extending_Rule_Actions.md)
 - [Click here to see how you can add custom Conditions](../../01_Extending_Guide/05_Extending_Rule_Conditions.md)

## Template Helper

#### Get Formatted Price with all applied Rules

```twig
{% import '@CoreShopFrontend/Common/Macro/currency.html.twig' as currency %}
{% import '@CoreShopFrontend/Common/Macro/product_price.html.twig' as product_price %}

<div class="price">
    <span class="price-head">{{ 'coreshop.ui.price'|trans }}:</span>
    {{ product_price.display_product_price(product) }}
</div>
<div class="tax">
    {{ 'coreshop_product_tax_inc'|trans|format(product|coreshop_product_tax_rate) }} ({{ currency.convertAndFormat(product|coreshop_product_tax_amount) }})
</div>
```

#### Get Active Price Rules

```twig
{{ dump(product|coreshop_product_price_rules) }}
```

Commit message:

add quantity price rules for development docu

docs/03_Development/03_Products/03_Price_Rules/README.md, after:

# CoreShop Product Price Rules

CoreShop gives you the ability of very complex price calculation methods.
Price Rules always consist of Conditions and Actions.

## Price Rule Types

### Product Price Rules

> Checkout all available product price rules [here](../../../02_User_Documentation/03_Price_Rules/02_Product_Price_Rules.md)

Product price rules are applied to multiple products based on conditions like category or manufacturer.

### Specific Price Rules

> Checkout all available specific price rules [here](../../../02_User_Documentation/03_Price_Rules/03_Specific_Product_Prices.md)

Specific price rules are applied to a single product based on conditions like customer or customer group.

### Quantity Price Rules

> Checkout all available quantity price rules [here](../../../02_User_Documentation/03_Price_Rules/04_Quantity_Product_Prices.md)

Quantity price rules are applied to a single product based on conditions like the quantity of a cart item.

These rules apply only in the calculation of cart item prices. If you have only quantity rules configured,
the default price calculation of CoreShop will return zero outside of cart context.

## Extending Conditions and Actions

- [Click here to see how you can add custom Actions](../../01_Extending_Guide/04_Extending_Rule_Actions.md)
- [Click here to see how you can add custom Conditions](../../01_Extending_Guide/05_Extending_Rule_Conditions.md)

## Template Helper

#### Get Formatted Price with all applied Rules

```twig
{% import '@CoreShopFrontend/Common/Macro/currency.html.twig' as currency %}
{% import '@CoreShopFrontend/Common/Macro/product_price.html.twig' as product_price %}

<div class="price">
    <span class="price-head">{{ 'coreshop.ui.price'|trans }}:</span>
    {{ product_price.display_product_price(product) }}
</div>
<div class="tax">
    {{ 'coreshop_product_tax_inc'|trans|format(product|coreshop_product_tax_rate) }} ({{ currency.convertAndFormat(product|coreshop_product_tax_amount) }})
</div>
```

#### Get Active Price Rules

```twig
{{ dump(product|coreshop_product_price_rules) }}
```
